journal.md, before:

## 18/09/2025
This week we have finished building and soldering the entire robot's wheel base, as well as sucessfully testing it with code.

## 25/09/2025
This week we have drilled a 1.5 meter plank of wood into the base of the robot, which will serve as the foundation of the robot's body.

## 02/10/2025
This week we have build the lower body of the robot using cardboard. We have also glued a small piece of wood in the side of the cardboard, which is where the servo motor will be located at. The next stage will be to build the top of the body, which will have the attached servo motor for the lever, and ideally the "screen" of the slot machine.

## 09/10/2025
This week we have attached the servo motor to the wood piece in the body of our robot, which will serve as the lever of the robot. For now we are using a temporary prototype of the lever made out of glued styrofoam, but we are planning on building the actual lever soon, possibly made out of wood.

## 16/10/2025
This week I am travelling during the Fall break, so no work will be done in the body of the robot.

## 23/10/2025

This week we have:
* Finished building most of the robot's body using cardboard
* Replaced the servo motor with a working one (the first one was most likely not working because of the extenders, not because of the motor itself)
* Attached the crank to the servo motor
* Attached the glass dome to the top of the robot to use the NeoPixels lights

What we will accomplish by this Thursday (30/10):
* Connect the NeoPixels lights to the Arduino and stick to the glass dome
* Build the "reels screen" functionality of the robot using stepper motors (need to figure out first how to do it with the Professor's help)

Features that remain to be implemented:
* Reel screen
* Document dispenser

## 30/10/2025

This week we have used the laser cut for the cardboard in the worm gear motor

## 06/11/2025

What did you accomplish for today November 6?
* Finished the slot machine screen feature using a worm gear motor and laser cut cardboard

What features remain to be implemented?
* The dispenser feature (if we decide to build it)
* Adding the Music Maker Shield
* Using the nRF radio system to control at least one feature

What will you accomplish for next Thursday November 13?
* Print and glue the symbols to the slot machine screen functionality
* Make the play audio files using ElevenLabs
* Sleep 8 hours per day
* Meditate

## 13/11/2025

This week I have:
* Fixed the issue with the cranking being too loose (it kept falling on its own)
* Modyfing the crank code
* Modified some lines in the play
* Tested and generated lines using ElevenLabs
* Ordered glitter paper for the reels

## 20/11/2025

This week I have:
* Glued the glitter paper in the reels, but the end result ended up not being good enough, so it will be trashed
* Generated all current voice lines

## 27/11/2025

This week we have:
* Generated all voice lines
* Laser cut new cardboard for the reels (old one was trashed)
* Replaced the reels with another faster motor
* Sticked the new glitter paper to the reels
* Decorated most of the robot

## 04/12/2025

## 09/12/2025

Commit message:

Update journal with image and future tasks
Added an image of the finished wheel base and updated upcoming tasks.

journal.md, after:

## 18/09/2025
This week we have finished building and soldering the entire robot's wheel base, as well as sucessfully testing it with code.

![Finished wheel base](github.com/vicnadu/performingrobots/blob/main/images/IMG_0123.jpg?raw=true)

## 25/09/2025
This week we have drilled a 1.5 meter plank of wood into the base of the robot, which will serve as the foundation of the robot's body.

## 02/10/2025
This week we have build the lower body of the robot using cardboard. We have also glued a small piece of wood in the side of the cardboard, which is where the servo motor will be located at. The next stage will be to build the top of the body, which will have the attached servo motor for the lever, and ideally the "screen" of the slot machine.

## 09/10/2025
This week we have attached the servo motor to the wood piece in the body of our robot, which will serve as the lever of the robot. For now we are using a temporary prototype of the lever made out of glued styrofoam, but we are planning on building the actual lever soon, possibly made out of wood.

## 16/10/2025
This week I am travelling during the Fall break, so no work will be done in the body of the robot.

## 23/10/2025

This week we have:
* Finished building most of the robot's body using cardboard
* Replaced the servo motor with a working one (the first one was most likely not working because of the extenders, not because of the motor itself)
* Attached the crank to the servo motor
* Attached the glass dome to the top of the robot to use the NeoPixels lights

What we will accomplish by this Thursday (30/10):
* Connect the NeoPixels lights to the Arduino and stick to the glass dome
* Build the "reels screen" functionality of the robot using stepper motors (need to figure out first how to do it with the Professor's help)

Features that remain to be implemented:
* Reel screen
* Document dispenser

## 30/10/2025

This week we have used the laser cut for the cardboard in the worm gear motor

## 06/11/2025

What did you accomplish for today November 6?
* Finished the slot machine screen feature using a worm gear motor and laser cut cardboard

What features remain to be implemented?
* The dispenser feature (if we decide to build it)
* Adding the Music Maker Shield
* Using the nRF radio system to control at least one feature

What will you accomplish for next Thursday November 13?
* Print and glue the symbols to the slot machine screen functionality
* Make the play audio files using ElevenLabs
* Sleep 8 hours per day
* Meditate

## 13/11/2025

This week I have:
* Fixed the issue with the cranking being too loose (it kept falling on its own)
* Modyfing the crank code
* Modified some lines in the play
* Tested and generated lines using ElevenLabs
* Ordered glitter paper for the reels

## 20/11/2025

This week I have:
* Glued the glitter paper in the reels, but the end result ended up not being good enough, so it will be trashed
* Generated all current voice lines

## 27/11/2025

This week we have:
* Generated all voice lines
* Laser cut new cardboard for the reels (old one was trashed)
* Replaced the reels with another faster motor
* Sticked the new glitter paper to the reels
* Decorated most of the robot

## 04/12/2025

This week we will:
* Add extra neopixels lights to the front and sides of the robot
* Finish decorating the robot

## 09/12/2025
